feat: create/consume branch flag to filter PVL (#690)
salesforcecli/plugin-packaging: messages/package_version_list.md

Display limited package version details.

# flags.branch.summary

> Use to filter the results to a specific branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Branch in your source control system used to filter the results; only package versions based on the specified branch are listed. 
```

Reviewer: @WillieRuemmele , this is a bit wordy, I know.  But stylistically I can't start the description with a verb, I need to start with a description of the flag's value.  Let me know what you think, I can try again if you don't like it.

Reviewer: @WillieRuemmele , how about adding this new flag to an example, maybe the fourth one?  So it would be:

- List package versions that are based on the "featureA" branch in your source control system that were modified today in your default Dev Hub org; show limited details about each one:
